Update JS And NodeJS Instructions (#76)
undefinedlabs/scope-docs: docs/javascript-installation.md

The following environment variables need to be configured when instrumenting your tests:

| Environment variable | Default value | Description                                                    |
| -------------------- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `$SCOPE_DSN`         |               | Data Source Name identifying Scope authentication and endpoint |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$SCOPE_DSN`         |               | Data source name (DSN) of Scope to be used when reporting results |
```
